75,000. Parker is going to slap Doug
with the fish.
Parker, what fish are you going to buy?
>> I'm calling so I can ask you.
>> I'm going to put it to a poll. Can you
point out fish one through five?
>> One, two, three.
>> That's not a fish. They seem to like
three a lot.
>> Oh, it's a squid.
>> Is it scamming people if the milestone
says that you slap me with a fish and it
is a squid?
>> That's fine. We'll get the squid as well
as another option and I'll slap you with
both.
>> Oh, I can't wait. I do not want to be
slapped in the face with that. Sounds
like you guys got it taken care of
there. I'll see you soon.
>> Wait,
it's it's not I can't follow what's
happening. Okay, we'll start with this.
>> Start with what?
>> No.
>> Oh, the fish, right? You're supposed to
be slapped with a fish. Yeah, this is
definitely not a fish.
>> Thank you, Parker.
>> Oh, oops. I dropped it. Oops.
>> Oh,
>> let me get the fish for you. Hey, you
look a little What happened?
>> Really get in there. Okay, don't hold
back. Don't hold back. Really go as hard
as you can. This is very slimy.
>> Oh, that got some meat in it. Wow.
>> Oh, boy.
>> You want another slap?
>> I'm good. Thank you though.